[Python] querying articles batch 1 [Replace C# samples] (#1797)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/5.4/Raven.Documentation.Pages/client-api/session/querying/how-to-get-query-statistics.python.markdown

# Get Query Statistics

---

{NOTE: }

* Detailed **query statistics** can be retrieved for every executed query using the `Statistics` method.  
  
* Stats such as query duration, number of results, index name used in the query, and more,  
  are returned in the `QueryStatistics` object.

* In This Page:  
   * [Get query statistics](../../../client-api/session/querying/how-to-get-query-statistics#get-query-statistics)  
   * [Syntax](../../../client-api/session/querying/how-to-get-query-statistics#syntax)  

{NOTE/}

---

{PANEL: Get query statistics}

{CODE-TABS}
{CODE-TAB:python:Query stats_2@ClientApi\Session\Querying\HowToGetQueryStatistics.py /}
{CODE-TAB-BLOCK:sql:RQL}
from "Employees" where FirstName == "Anne"
{CODE-TAB-BLOCK/}
{CODE-TABS/}

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Syntax}

{CODE:python stats_1@ClientApi\Session\Querying\HowToGetQueryStatistics.py /}

| Parameter | Type              | Description                |
|-----------|-------------------|----------------------------|

> | **stats_callback** | `Callable[[QueryStatistics], None]` | An 'out' param for the query statistics |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **stats_callback** | `Callable[[QueryStatistics], None]` | An _action_ that will be called with query statistics object|

```

Author: done
